 
Welcome to The Bug Database! 
 

Easy setup instrctions:
De-archive into folders disk1,disk2 etc. Run Setup, run Workadm, logon as User.

(P.S. other accounts: Bob, Guest(restricted user) 

Run the "Runtime Workgroup Administrator" application to access the tables. Specify the 
installed path to the system.mda file. i.e. c:\Access\system.mda. 


For networking: 
The Runtime Tables may be made accessible to users on a network group by running 
the "Runtime Workgroup Administrator" application.

To install to a network:
Run Tsetup and install the rables to a networked drive. Choose a networked drive  that is 
on a common  read/write  path to all PCs (install the shared tables). For example, on  a 
Novell(TM) network select a drive that is mapped to  r:\users\common. Tell Tsetup the path 
of the networked drive and install to it. Run the "Runtime Workgroup Administrator" application 
and supply this path. Upon starting the The Bug Database, the application will link to the 
tables in r:\users\common. 

On each database user's PC:
Run Setup.exe on the remaining PC's that have access the shared network drive. Choose 
a local drive and path for the Runtime application, for example c:\access.  Run the 
"Runtime Workgroup Administrator" application to access the shared tables on the network. 
When running the "Runtime Workgroup Administrator" application select the path to the 
system.mda file on the networked drive. i.e. r:\users\common\system.mda. 
 
Special notes to Novell(TM) systems administrators:  

To allow access for multiple users, set the networked access rights for each 
user or group   to read and right access. Also from Windows(TM) File Manager, 
select the networked drive (r:) and set the properties of "tables.mdb"  to "shareable."  
  
About "The Bug Database" runtime: 
 
The Runtime application contains the data entry and report generation forms for documenting,   
printing and to MSmail software problem reports. To gain access to the reports, click  the
print or print preview button. To MSmail a report, choose print preview on the print form 
and from the "file" menu select "send."  
 
The Runtime can be customized for each user by clicking on  the "The Bug Database" button 
in the top left of the data entry form. 
 
About "The Bug Database" tables: 
 
By clicking on the "Tables" icon,  projects can be added or modified to the available list
of projects and builds. Users can be added to the project list for tracking bug entries. 
Users will be able to select these projects as  preferences in the runtime customization 
form.  The Tables may contain any number of projects.    
 
For further reference on "The Bug Database"  see the BugData.doc on disk1.  
